[U] Grammatical improvements to English pages. (#183)
one-among-us/data: people/Proselyte093/page.en.md

---
## Description

Proselyte was our ally. They often interacted with us friendly despite their introverted personality.

They were fond of cute cats. Whether it was their own cat, or cats in a pet shop, or cats they met on the street.

They liked some niche pixel art RPG games, such as *Ib* and *Yume 2kki*, and always recorded their RPG game experiences on Bilibili.

Proseleyte also contributed to their favourite games.
According to their friends, they made soundtracks for some games and took up a position in *Yume Nikki Online Project* before.

## Departure

> Owing to long-term domestic violence, having been hurt by a friend in senior high school, and getting mentally abused by their professor in university, Proselyte was troubled by anxiety and depression all along.

Reviewer: by friends

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Owing to long-term domestic violence, having been hurt by friends in senior high school, and getting mentally abused by their professor in university, Proselyte was troubled by anxiety and depression all along.
```
